Create a "Guess the Number' program. It needs to welcome the player and 
then ask for a number between 1-50 if the user is too low tell them it's
too low, if it's too high tell them too high. If they get the right number 
congratulate them and then have it ask whether or not if the want to play 
again. 

Hangman Game:
The Goal: Despite the name, the actual “hangman” part isn’t necessary.
The main goal here is to create a sort of “guess the word” game.
The user needs to be able to input letter guesses.
A limit should also be set on how many guesses they can use.
This means you’ll need a way to grab a word to use for guessing.
(This can be grabbed from a pre-made list. No need to get too fancy.)
You will also need functions to check if the user has actually inputted 
a single letter, to check if the inputted letter is in the hidden word 
(and if it is, how many times it appears), to print letters, and a counter 
variable to limit guesses.

Rock paper scissors game. It needs to greet the player and then give back
messages after you won or lost.

Create a program that asks the user to enter their name and their age. 
Print out a message addressed to them that tells them the year that they 
will turn 100 years old. Extras: Add on to the program by asking 
the user for another number and printing out that many copies of the 
previous message. (Hint: order of operations exists in Python)
Print out that many copies of the previous message on separate lines. 
(Hint: the string '\n' is the same as pressing the ENTER button)

Accept 2 integers from user input.
Print whether the integers are positive or negative.
Print the number of digits in each.
Print the sum, difference, product and quotient.
Sample:
X: -4
Y: 7
The sign of X is NEGATIVE and contains 1 digit.
The sign of Y is POSITIVE and contains 1 digit.
Sum: -3
Difference: -11
Product: -28
Quotient: -.5714

Take input of 10 integers.  Add them and print the result.
Sample:
Integer 1: 1
Integer 2: 2
Integer 3: 3
Integer 4: 4
Integer 5: 5
Integer 6: 6
Integer 7: 7
Integer 8: 8
Integer 9: 9
Integer 10: 10
1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9+10 = 55

Calculate the number of BTUs required to make a symmetrically shaped 
room 72°F.  Prompt for the room's length, height, and width in feet, 
and for the current temperature in the room.  Display the number of BTUs
required to heat or cool the room.  Be sure to indicate if the room 
needs to be heated or cooled.  It takes .025 BTUs to cool or heat 
1 cubit foot 1°F.  Round to the nearest Integer.
Sample:
Length: 12
Height: 10
Width: 8
Current Temperature: 75
Number of BTUs to COOL the room: 72

Input two letters.  If the first letter comes before the second letter 
alphabetically, then display all the letters between them in proper 
order.  Otherwise, display them in reverse order.
Sample:
First Letter: D
Second Letter: H
DEFGH  # prints this
First Letter: L
Second Letter: E
LKJIHGFE  # prints this